[Music]
you all know that I am an outward geek
so I have to stop with the seven Marine
boots at the Miami Boat Show get a look
at these extraordinary outboard and see
what's new now this year seven has
upgraded the charge air cooler for
improved bottom end torque improved the
electrical charging system from 150 to
180 amps and as a new water pump policy
for improved engine cooling they've also
changed the shape of the exhaust outlet
which I think just looks cool is there
still the biggest most powerful outboard
a lot of money can buy boat insurance a
key knighted marine underwriters we're
simply the best at what we do just boat
insurance we offer comprehensive
insurance coverage for all your boating
needs boat insurance quotes on your
screen in 90 seconds United marine
underwriters